[Azure AD] userSyncInbound in XTAP v2 (#19433)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/crosstenantaccesspolicyconfigurationpartner-delete.md

## Examples

> If a configuration includes a [user synchronization policy](../resources/crosstenantidentitysyncpolicypartner.md), you must first [delete the user synchronization policy](./crosstenantidentitysyncpolicypartner-delete.md) before you can delete the partner-specific configuration.

Reviewer: Append this to Line 16 where it'll be more visible.

Author: Added text to line 16
https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/pull/19433/commits/bf9e2e7880bf4991222f508c516c25d7a0648b41

> If a configuration includes a [user synchronization policy](../resources/crosstenantidentitysyncpolicypartner.md), you must first [delete the user synchronization policy](./crosstenantaccesspolicyconfigurationpartner-delete-identitysynchronization.md) before you can delete the root endpoint /policies/crossTenantAccessPolicy/partners/{id}.

Reviewer: Move this to the description in Line 16.
```suggestion
If a configuration includes a [user synchronization policy](../resources/crosstenantidentitysyncpolicypartner.md), you must first [delete the user synchronization policy](./crosstenantaccesspolicyconfigurationpartner-delete-identitysynchronization.md) before you can delete the partner-specific configuration.
```
